Feat: Add dockerized linkshub (#1254)
rupali-codes/LinksHub: README.md

   pnpm run dev
   ```

> > **P.S**: In case you have `docker` installed in your system, you can follow these steps to setup the environment:

Reviewer: [Proofread]
```suggestion
> **P.S**: If you have `docker` installed in your system, you can follow these steps to set up the environment:
```

> 1. After forking and cloning the repo(as mentioned above), get into the project directory:
> ```bash
> cd LinksHub/
> ```
> 2. Start the docker container with:
> ```bash 
> docker compose up
> ```
> 3. Now start adding your changes.

> > 4. No need to restart the container again and again after starting it once, because the changes you make will reflect into the container instantly.

Reviewer: [Nitpick] This seems to provide additional advice, so it sounds better as a note instead of step.
```suggestion
> **Note:** You don't need to restart the container again and again after starting it once, because the changes you make will reflect into the container instantly.
```
